Goodbye to our Big, Old Blue sectional couch.
No longer on you will we slouch.
I hope you find a good new family
Courtesy of the Salvation Army.

You represented "family" to me
For when we bought you still we had all three
Of our daughters living at home with many places to sit
But now they are gone and this is just it...

Only hubby and I are home now, with some failing health
So it's time for you to give another family a wealth
Of good memories, cuddling, and some tears
Thank you for your service for so many years.

We are downsizing our furniture and getting something new
But I think I will always slightly miss you, Big Old Blue.
It's the end of an era, and we must move on,
And replace you with something smaller to sit on.
I will also miss your companion, the big braided rug
Which hurts my feet to walk on, since I've been on this new drug
You see I must now take oral chemotherapy
And it turns out I have a new me.

Out with the old and in with the new!
Hmm... is this really true?
Or is it out with the new and in with the old??
That's what it really is, if truth be told.
(I'm not talking about the furniture now, but rather... me.)

While I am excited about the new furniture we picked
It's bittersweet, 'cause it seems like I got licked
By some nasty side effects of my new chemo
So we had to give you a big heave-ho!

It's a bittersweet departure, and now our living room is bare
While we wait a couple of days for our new chairs.
We are also getting a smaller dining room table
Which I can walk around better and be more able
To be free in our home instead of trapped in my head
By clumsily tripping over large furniture and feeling like I'm half dead.

To everything there is a season.
I hope this little poem helps you understand the reason
Why I have actually shed some stray tears
Cause it seems so empty with you no longer here.

While I can't keep you, I can keep the many memories
Of daughters, friends, and various family
Chatting, eating, and watching movies on you,
Best wishes in your new home, Big Old Blue!

Our family and friends will adjust to our new stuff,
I will be OK, I just need a box of Puffs
Near my side the next couple of days
Until the new furniture arrives to play

New memories, even as my body grows older,
It's all worthwhile, I will say this over and over!