SETTING: 
A Fine Christian family of a husband and wife and three beautiful blonde daughters enters their church's annual Harvest Festival.


CHARACTERS:
Father - Proud Papa
Mother - Home Economic Student of the Year (at High School graduation-half her lifetime ago, a.k.a Student and Home Ec Mom)
Daughter #1 - (a.k.a. Little Toe)
Daughter #2 - (a.k.a. Chiquita)
Daughter #3 - (a.k.a. Red Delicious)
Daughter #2’s Best Friend 


STORY: 
Fine Christian Family's church was sponsoring a Harvest Festival, with contests for best carved pumpkin, costumes, and best “hot in a pot" (chili, soup or stew in a crockpot).

Previously, the first year Fine Christian Family was at this church for a Harvest Festival three years ago, they realized this lovely church got rather competitive at the chili cookoffs and brought forth their best culinary skills, with coveted (how sinful!) prizes going to a traditional few, but everyone had fun coming and tasting and seeing what 2 or 3 people would battle for and win the prize for Best Tasting and Best Presentation of chili. 

Home Economic Student of the Year was a bit intimidated and still felt rather new at the Fine Christian Church, but thought she was being called to "serve” some chili herself at the Festival, especially because there were reportedly few entries, since the prize winners were usually somewhat predictable anyway. 

Prize 1 and 2 for best tasting chili went to the normally competitive two entries. Home Economic Student of the Year surprised people in the church by appearing on the scene with chili that was surprisingly good enough to threaten the traditionally held 1 & 2 spots, and was lovingly seen as another rival for more healthy competition the next year. Home Ec Mom had just been hoping to get something for presentation, because her chili was captioned “Western Chili” and “South Western Chili”, with the Western Chili adorned by Barbie-doll riding horses in Western wear, and the South Western Chili being served out of a pot that was purchased in Tijuana, Mexico (a gift from Student's Grandma), as well as being dressed herself in Western attire and having 5 genuine Mexican sombreros and several sombreritos (mini-sombreros, for you gringos!) with several varieties of chili peppers to spice up the display). She was surprised and actually felt quite humble to win a 3rd place ribbon for taste alongside of the other notorious cooks. She had been disappointed her presentation efforts didn't win an award in comparison to some others, but honored that she placed in the "Taste” category, and isn't that what chili's all about anyway? Tasting good?? She rationalized that she'd rather win a 3rd place ribbon for “Taste” than a first place “Presentation” award anyway! Maybe she still was deserving of that high school title. (Hmmmm..... did/does/or will Home Ec Student/Mom have a problem with PRIDE??)

The next year was a soup contest instead of chili, in hopes of enticing more people to place entries. (When one excellent chili cook who is also a wood working expert hand carves an actual chuck wagon that's so large and authentic, his chili has to be served from the church patio instead of the Fellowship Hall, and he walks away with both first place prizes, most other people even dreaming of entering think they cannot come close to topping that!)

Home Economic Student of the Year was feeling quite creative and decided to again try to place in either category, taste or presentation, by making Purple Potato Pottage (yes, there really are purple potatoes) and made some great tasting, thick, purple potato soup, and even managed a creative display of stuffed toy potatoes with chef's hats, surrounded by mini-purple potatoes and a (purple/scarlet) sign for her pottage. Of course, Mom was attired in Purple herself. (Didn't the Proverbs 31 woman clothe herself in Purple? [Is scarlet a variation of purple?]) {Prov 31:21} 

Proud Papa (who is also a good cook) decided to get in on the act as well, and made his own special soup. (His special soup comes heavily sponsored by Top Ramen and few of his own spices and meat thrown in.) For creativity, he called his entry Jungle Parrot Soup (it tasted like chicken, probably because he couldn't really find any Jungle Parrots in the desert climate of Los Angeles). For presentation, he borrowed his kids' parrot bird toys and borrowed his wife's chili pepper display idea from the previous year and dragged virtually every houseplant in his family's home into the family van and had great assistance from church people in dragging all of his plants downstairs to the Fellowship Hall, because he was “doing so much hard work” to enter the contest! His crayon-made “Jungle Parrot Soup” sign somehow added to the primitive, jungle theme he was creating from his spot on the entry tables, and he charmed people with his made-up parrot stories as he served up his soup. (Somehow his "Minnesota” T-shirt didn't appear to detract from his jungle theme.) 

Daughters #2 & #3 had also jointly entered the competition, making a cold “fruit soup”—recipe courtesy of the Betty Crocker cookbook Home Ec Mom and Proud Papa received as part of a wedding present from Home Ec Mom's Grandma and Grandpa (Grandma, you are thought about in many different ways in our home, even when Home Ec Mom cooks nearly 18 years after receiving that gift!) 

When Daughter #2 had asked to enter the competition, Home Ec Mom had said no, she would be too busy preparing her own entry, and #2 would need more assistance than Mom could give. Daughter #2 said #3 could help her. Home Ec Mom was trying to decide how to tell these kids that it was usually adults who entered, they were little kids and would need too much unavailable adult supervision for their entry. Home Ec Mom rethought her position after some prayer, and gave her kids the good news! (She didn't want to be a hypocritical disciple of Jesus who wouldn't "let the little children come” to participate in a church event [Matt. 19:13-14].) Daughters 2 & 3 were so happy their mom let them enter! (How could she refuse her children's avid interest in a church function? How could she even entertain saying no because the assistance they would no doubt need may take away from her own efforts towards her own creative entry?) 

Home Ec Mom bought fruit, got out an appropriate serving bowl with ice to keep the soup cool, bought whipped cream to go on top of the soup, encouraged her daughters' efforts at making signs and even dressing themselves in homemade costumes to go along with their soup. They decided to dress like fruit. Daughter #2 (who is tall and slender) wanted to be a banana. Yellow jeans were purchased to match a yellow shirt she already had. A Chiquita banana label was enlarged with a little bit of help from a copy machine, colored, and stuck to the front of her shirt. (May the Chiquita Company forgive us for any copyright violations!) A brown stocking cap atop her head served as the "handle” to complete her banana look! Daughter #3 dressed like a Red Delicious apple (whose company we must also beg for forgiveness from, as Home Ec Mom also enlarged a Red Delicious label for her child to color and tape to her size 3X long sleeved red T-shirt over her red tights.) Atop her head was a lovely red stocking cap, with a seam minus some stitching for the purpose of pushing her lovely braid though, which was pushed into a green sock, that completed the apple-stem (“handle”) look of her apple outfit (and was also viewed by some people as a green worm coming out of the apple!). A little bit of real leaf material grabbed from the ground on the way to church was her finishing touch to the apple stem. 

People adored Home Ec Mom's adorable girls and their costumes, and their refreshing soup! It was cold, sweet, and a nice change after sampling so many hot and spicy things. It was also a favorite among the children: they got to have "soup” and really get away with having the nutritional equivalent of a dessert, it had so much sweet fruit and whipped cream and a sugary fruit glaze that Daughter #2 and her mom had prepared, thanks again to Betty Crocker (courtesy of Grandma!).

Chiquita and Red Delicious won a second-place ribbon for taste (or was it presentation? The church bulletin reported it both ways on different weeks!). 

While many people liked the flavor of Proud Papa's Jungle Parrot soup, at the end of the evening he walked away with a first-place trophy for presentation! (Wow, the budget must be up - the church sprang for trophies instead of ribbons!) (Unofficial reports state he was fourth place for taste also.) 

Now everyone in the family had won a trophy for something, except Home Ec Mom. Daughters #1, 2, and 3 have all won trophies for a Bible Bowl competition at another church, with Daughters #1 & #2 actually taking the #1 and #2 spots in a group of about 40 kids, and now Proud Papa won an unexpected trophy in a cooking contest! (Not bad for a farm boy who grew up doing fieldwork! Proud Papa's mama was quite proud herself when she heard the news.) 

Home Ec Mom no longer matched her purple soup, as she was turning a bit green with envy. She had hoped to move up in comparison to last year's standings. A first-time entrant getting 3rd place in anything should be able to move higher now that she “knew the ropes” and better understood the character and flavor of the church a year later. She was beginning to see this as an Olympic competition instead of the serving role of last year. 

However, at the end of the evening, when Home Ec Mom realized her family entries may have assisted in her entry getting absolutely no recognition for the evening and winning nothing, she rationalized that she had already won a ribbon last year, a Home Ec prize in her youth, and should be happy for the success of her husband and her children. 

Prayer had changed her attitude quickly, with Proverbs 31 lurking in the background, making her glad her children won something and had such fun and seemed to be the first kids to win a place in this traditionally adult-won cooking contest. 

For the 3rd Harvest Festival that the Fine Christian Family was going to be involved in at the Fine Christian Church, the Committee decided previous Festivals have traditionally been very competitive, and the committee this year decided to try to make it so an award was given to every entry. The "Hot in a Pot" concept won out, and competition was opened up to baking cookies as well. The usual pumpkin carving and costume contests would continue. Fine Christian Family was also on the committee, and volunteered to get decorations and made a couple of big shopping trips, purchased lovely "Joyful Harvest” napkins, plates, and tablecloths, in addition to some other cute autumn-type decorations, and donated them to the church. 

Daughter #2 (Chiquita) was delighted about the cookie contest. Her Home Ec Mom made the best cookies, and was developing a reputation in the church for such, having made “watermelon" cookies for a church Watermelon Festival, did a Christmas Cookie Tree project with the kids in the church, and also made Easter Egg cookies and cross cookies at Easter time. Chiquita was extremely artistic and decorated the best cookies extremely well. That same cookie recipe got adapted for all sorts of things and many people loved that recipe. To use it to enter a contest would be fantastic! And Chiquita and Home Ec Mom had bought a women's magazine over a year ago with a Noah's Ark cookie pattern, and commented at that time on how neat it would be if we made it sometime for church or a church event. 

However, fastidious Home Ec Mom, in her spring cleaning, had evidently thrown away the magazine when its ideas had not been used for a year. Chiquita made no efforts to hide her disappointment and near disdain. Home Ec Mom said they could do a Noah's Ark entry anyway, they had a Tupperware Noah's Ark toy whose animals were intended for use as cookie cutters and clay cutters. Chiquita was not happy, somehow thinking tracing a cookie pattern from a magazine would have been better anyway. 

Chiquita also decided she wanted to enter the pumpkin carving contest. Home Ec Mom said she would not have time to help with it, but would allow Chiquita to do it. Chiquita decided to enlist the help of her Best Friend, who had been spending several hours a day at the home of Fine Christian Family anyway. 

Costuming had been discussed, but not seriously addressed. Home Ec Mom was trying to get everyone interested in appearing as Noah's family, with her daughters playing Noah's 3 sons (they'd been 3 wise men previously in a Christmas program at that other church, and Daughter #3 was a logical choice for "Ham” now.....) 

Daughter #1 wasn't excited about the concept. She generally didn't like costuming and preferred to always appear as her natural self. Home Ec Mom said that was fine, if people wanted to dress up they could, they didn't have to. (No costumes were worn this year by the Fine Christian Family.) 

Two days before the Harvest Festival, Fine Christian Family realized they'd been spending their weekends at theme parks, having quality family time, but not getting much done about the massive Noah's Ark entry. Didn't Noah take several years to make his ark? Family had been planning on spending several days making a miniature of the same thing. Time was running out. 

Over the course of the next two afternoons, the Ark was prepared. A double batch of the infamous cookie recipe was prepared and rolled out and countless animal cookies were decorated. A gingerbread man and woman cookie cutter served as patterns for Noah, his wife and sons, and their wives. Tupperware has 8 animal shapes in its Noah's Ark, but with some creativity and multiple frosting colors, a horse shaped cookie cutter can result in Palomino horse cookies as well as black and white zebras, and a bear shape can double—or triple—for polar, black and/or brown bears! 

The plan was to create a display tray and a separate cookie-serving tray. The display tray would contain Mt. Ararat (made from a chocolate cake mix baked in a round Bundt pan), a cookie Ark on top of the mountain, Noah and family, water and fish, an altar with offering, and a giant cookie rainbow to cover the display. Pairs of cookie animals would stand up, semi-frosted to the sides of the mountain. The serving tray would contain rows of animal cookies for people to actually munch on at church, but only two of the best of each kind of decorated cookie would make it to the display tray. 

At one point in the cookie making process, Home Ec Mom got her wires crossed, and instead of saying, “Amanda, what kind of animals were......" she was observed calling out from the dining room. "Amandimal! Amandimal!” as Daughters 2 and 3 and Best Friend stared at her, not quite sure if she was losing her mind, having a seizure, and they might be needed to call for medical emergency assistance if Home Ec Mom should fall to the floor suddenly. (Home Ec Mom was sometimes prone to attacks of "The Little Red Hen” syndrome also, but usually suffered those in silence, privately.) Best Friend comes from a more Pentecostal background than this Fine Christian Family, she may have been wondering if Home Ec Mom was beginning to reveal a spiritual side Best Friend hadn't seen yet (i.e,"speaking in tongues”). 

Once Mom burst out laughing, so did everyone else, shocked at the mis-speak of someone who normally demonstrated superior language skills. Home Ec Mom turned almost as red as the frosting she would make for the rainbow. A good time was had by all as they laughed together. Amanda/Daughter #1 was lovingly dubbed "Amandimal” for the evening. 

Daughter #1/Amandimal had quietly made her plans known to just attend the Festival and have fun, help out where needed, but not officially “enter” anything. Her self-appointed job, which she is excellent at, is watching the cookies in the oven, with and without a real timer. She sat perched on a stool in the kitchen, staring into the double ovens, alerting Home Ec Mom whenever she felt like a batch of cookies was done or getting overlooked. Home Ec Mom has always appreciated her cookie-watcher and felt Daughter #1 played an important part in all cookie baking, even though it was a less obvious part than the glitzy decorating Daughter #2 was capable of. 

Mount Ararat did get constructed out of a chocolate Bundt cake. The best frosted cookie animals were placed two-by-two around the sides of the mountain (polar bears, zebras, lions, horses, giraffes, elephants), a pool of blue frosting next to the mountain displayed a pair of vividly decorated cookie fish, and a pile of cookie balls next to the mountain served as an altar with an actual “burnt" cookie sheep offering. (Home Ec Mom created black food coloring, added it to the dough, kids altered the rolled out bears to look like sheep, and then these cookies were overcooked in the oven! Why did Tupperware only have “unclean” animals on its ark????? Amandimal had checked the Flood story in the Bible and didn't find a single Tupperware animal listed as an offering item, so Family had decided to create its own “clean” animal for the “burnt" offering, by purposely burning an altered cookie in the oven. Family then hoped this intended-to-be-humorous burnt offering presentation wouldn't be considered too sacrilegious...) Artistic Daughter #2 cut out a cookie dove of her own design to sit atop the ark. So ended the first day of cookie preparation. 

Proud Papa decided to investigate the women's work. He made a comment about Daughter #1 helping. Amandimal maintained that she hadn't helped. Mom said to Papa, "She thinks because she does the function of a little toe that she's not a part of the body.” Amandimal laughed, but then turned around and looked at Home Ec Mom with an expression on her face that revealed that she did "get it" and understood she had helped without realizing she had been. Home Ec Mom said, “Good night, Little Toe” to Daughter #1/Amandimal, as “Little Toe” giggled with the delight of a two-year old over her mother's new term of endearment for her, understanding and enjoying the spiritual significance of the new moniker. 

On the second day of cookie preparation, somehow Chiquita and Best Friend found time to clean and carve their pumpkin. They carved a giant cross, surrounded by two pumpkin cut outs, and planned to light candles inside of it. It looked very pretty. They did this while Home Ec Mom was making a pan of brownies for Red Delicious, who wanted her own entry this year, and remembered a “Brownie Quilt” the Family had made from a magazine recipe earlier. In her extreme busyness, Home Ec Mom (Martha, Martha??) managed to burn her first batch of brownies ever, having gotten used to Little Toe watching the oven for her the previous night. The brownies looked more like the burnt offering after the Flood, and were offered up to the trash can almost immediately. Red Delicious was then turned loose with a big bowl of frosting tubes, sugar and candy decorations to turn the top of the new batch of brownies into a “quilt.” 

Finally, the cookies got attention. Batches of a variety of colored frosting were used for decorating. Chiquita did a fine job of decorating her dove, Noah and Mrs. Noah, and many animals. Home Ec Mom had never imagined such pretty ponies, complete with manes and eyes, would be produced from an obsolete Tupperware toy! Mom did the zebras, and declared a pair of Best Friend's giraffes good enough for the display tray! (Best Friend was very happy, having never done roll-out decorated sugar cookies with her mom or anyone else before now!) 

Eventually, the Daughters had to go to bed and Best Friend had to leave. However, Home Ec Mom was not yet done! A Little Voice she had previously learned not to ignore kept prompting her to continue, well past her bedtime, to finish and assemble as much as possible, so the next day, after work, she could just come home, only put finishing touches on the display, go to church and enjoy the evening with her family and friends. She separated the wheat from the tares, the perfect cookies from the usable. The mountain and altar were finished, the fish were in place in the water. Home Ec Mom had kept most of her patience, even when Daughters and Best Friend had taken all of her lovely frosting colors and mixed them together to make their own version of brown frosting, despite Mom's lovely bowl full of chocolate fudge frosting she had already prepared for their use. They were still being creative.... 

However, after hours stooped over sugar cookies, The Ark now seemed an insurmountable task at this point, (how did Noah do it???) and Home Ec Mom asked Proud Papa to help her. She had cut out several lengths of rectangular and square-shaped cookie dough, not exactly sure how the Ark would come together, but envisioning frosting together four sides to a bottom, adding some sort of upper 1/2-deck and sitting it on the Bundt Mt. Ararat. Proud Papa, excellent handyman that he was, took to the Ark assembly much better than his helpmeet. He decided the longest rectangles were soft enough cookies to just stick together on the ends after forcing the middles to bend out slightly to form an ark shape. Slits were cut into the cake for the body of the Ark to sit on, with the ends held together with clothespins so Home Ec Mom could glue it together with frosting. A few cut up cookies were placed in the Ark bottom, the 12 deck was added and a toothpick dragged horizontally through the brown frosting created the look of wood planks. The whole thing was beginning to look like a masterpiece, instead of just some sloppy cookies, and Home Ec Mom was excited that everyone had helped out in its creation! She went to bed with warm, fuzzy feelings about her family, new spiritual bond with Little Toe, happiness over the fun and closeness achieved during many hours around a dining room table, and glad some friends had been invited to share in the joy and fun of the event the next night. After frosting a giant cookie rainbow several different colors (as close to ROY G BIV as possible [Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, Violet) she went to bed at 1:00am and rose at 5:30am to go to her job the next day. (Proverbs 31:10,15,17: “Who can find a virtuous woman? Her price is far above rubies....She rises while it is yet night and gives food to her household...She perceives that her merchandise is good, her lamp does not go out by night.”)

The day of the event, Home Ec Mom was at work, (yawning a lot) planning on leaving on time, when her boss called an emergency meeting unlike any meeting ever held during Home Ec Mom's nearly 7 years of employment at this company. Managers seemed to be caught up in the political mudslinging of the first election year of the new millennium, calling each other names and swearing left and right. Mom couldn't wait to leave. An hour late, she left, grateful for being sensitive to the Little Voice the night before and knowing she didn't need to be stressed out about Ark assembly when she arrived at home. All she had to do was strategically place the rainbow across the cake upon arrival at church. 

However, Home Ec Mom did get a bit stressed about the trip to church—“too many bumps....don't tip into the Ark and destroy all these hours of work everyone put in," etc. Everyone and everything arrived safely, despite Best Friend tripping while holding the tray with the big cookie rainbow and Daughter #2 trying to hold a tray of loose cookies like a schoolbook in her arms, while she munched on another cookie, chewing with her mouth open, as was her custom. 

Home Ec Mom had been concerned about offending anyone or crossing a line with the perhaps too graphic or too “punny" burnt offering aspect of the display, but felt much better about it when she arrived at church and discovered the only dessert display already there happened to be "steam puffs”—another person's seemingly crass entry of chocolate covered cream puffs, presented on a green paper, representing grass, complete with a Polaroid picture of a dog crouching, getting ready to make doggy doo-doo. Home Ec Mom could hardly find room on the table for her Biblically-based entry, and loudly commented, “They took up half a table for that?!” Somehow, Home Ec Mom managed to arrange her display properly anyway. (Visions of flannelgraph parable presentations from her own Sunday School days ran through her head, with the proud Pharisee beating his chest over his pride in the temple at not being like a lowly Publican...... Having historically identified with the Publican, Mom briefly wondered if she could now actually be the Pharisee??? Nonsense, Home Ec Mom despised all hypocrisy!) 

Many wonderful desserts and hot dishes were sampled. Anonymous judges were appointed for “hot in a pot” and dessert judging, while the pumpkin and costume contests were open for votes from everyone in the crowd. (Since it's church, it's assumed no one would stuff the ballot boxes.) 

Home Ec Mom told the “Little Toe” story to a few spiritually-minded people that she thought would appreciate it. The whole evening was fun and very sociable. Then, award time came. It was noisy, hard to hear, and each entry did win a prize, but it seemed that there wasn't a clear cut 1st, 2nd, 3rd place for anything but pumpkins and costumes, all food entries got some sort of token award, except The Ark was given 1st place for presentation (although on the post-it note on the wrapped up award someone had handwritten "Best Prestation" instead of “Best Presentation.") Suddenly, even though Home Ec Mom had previously been saying to her brood around the dining room table that we weren't doing it for an award, preparing it was fun even if there were no prizes, Mom now felt like she had done it for the award and got gypped. 

She finally got first place in something, but the sound system was so bad, and it was one of the last things announced, and with every entry getting some sort of a token prize/award, by the time the end of announcements was approaching, people lost interest in listening, and you hardly could hear anything really well, so when Mom couldn't reach the front anyway because of the crowd (poor Zaccheus) when the “1st Place Presentation” award was announced for the Ark, she just called for Red Delicious (who was short in stature herself and had made sure she was already at the front of the crowd) to take the award since she was up front and taller Mom was at the back. (Where was the build up and climax of 1st place awards that there had been all of the other years???) After the party broke up, Red Delicious handed Home Ec Mom the "Best Prestation” award. It was a hastily wrapped 50-piece mini puzzle of a raccoon inside of a pair of blue jeans. Home Ec Mom was disappointed, felt like she gave her “first fruits,” and wondered how Cain felt long ago.......... 

Attitude check. Home Ec Mom consoled Red Delicious, who wondered why she wasn't called up for a prize for her Brownie Quilt if everyone was supposed to get something. Mom told her to see the lady in charge, who had previously announced that you should ask her if you had been overlooked. Red Delicious came back happily with some flavored gum that had a note, which read, "Most Humorous.” Red Delicious said the Committee had her award, they just forgot to announce her. Home Ec Mom congratulated her Daughter #3, saying it fit her personality to get a humorous award. The Family was glad they had been recognized as first place for dessert presentation. 

Home Ec Mom thought she had been following the Apostle Paul's attitude by trying to "press toward the mark for the prize” but somehow managed to neglect the part about the "high calling of God in Christ Jesus” and also didn't seem to remember in all her preparations that the earlier part of Paul's same message said to "Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory.” Perhaps if she had done more listening to the pastor's recent messages in church instead of writing baking notes and sketching her Noah's Ark entry on the backs of the sermon outline bulletin inserts, she would have learned a humility lesson in a less painful manner. (Perhaps she needs to study her favorite book of Philippians a bit more.) 

Moral: Home Economic Student of the Year has already arrived” in the Home Economics category, but was still evidently a Student and learning about other, more important things, than cooking. (Maybe someday she will be so humble, she'll be proud of it! Student can probably learn something about humility from Little Toe.) 

No one had cut into the items on the display tray, and few serving cookies had been eaten. People seemed to think it was shew bread and they didn't want to desecrate it. (Numbers 4:7 & Matthew 12:3-4) After the party broke up, people then started taking cookies. Home Ec Mom didn't feel like taking the Ark home, concerned that with the disappointment she was feeling she'd be too tempted to eat too much of it if it was hanging around the house, and she had brought it as an "offering" anyway and assumed it would be cut into eventually that night during the festivities. The pastor's wife asked if Home Ec Mom would consider leaving it for refreshments for Sunday at church. Mom said she was just in the process of offering it to the Sunday School Superintendent for kids' snacks Sunday. Everyone but Red Delicious liked the idea, who was somewhat consoled by the fact there were still several pieces of unused, left-over potential Ark planks at home with plenty of chocolate frosting available. 

Home Ec Mom prayed, wondered what lesson she was supposed to learn, decided she should grow up and not feel so juvenile about not appreciating her “award” for all of the man-hours (women-hours?) of creativity and hard work. Where was her Christianity anyway? However, after going to bed, she did roll over towards Proud Papa's side, pick up last year's trophy he still had in his part of the bookcase headboard, and state that she could probably fit her little puzzle pieces into the cup of his trophy. Proud Papa affirmed her feelings, saying he understood she was disappointed, worked hard, and felt like she “got diddly.” Home Ec Mom said, “Yes” and felt better that someone else understood her disappointment and selfish feelings. He also thought the church was giving out definite 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place Taste and Presentation awards in addition to the token prizes/awards for all entries. 

[Oh, dear Home Ec Mom! You are still a Student after all! Your children are not rising up and calling you bless-ed, because you are so stress-ed!] (Prov 31:28)

Little Toe had been talking to the church's volleyball team captain during the evening. He told Little Toe she would be Girl #3 for the next night's game. (At that time, a complete church's league team was composed of 6 players, half of which must be male and half female, and whenever a ball is hit more than once on each side of the net, at least one girl/female has to have had made one of the hits, or the serve goes to the other team.) Teams must have an even amount of males and females playing, and all other females on this Fine Christian Church's team other than Little Toe and two others were injured or out of town. If Little Toe didn't play, the team of 6 may be cut down to 4 players by legalistic referees to keep the team "half and half.” Little Toe never thought she'd be so necessary to the team's functioning. Even though she is the least skilled player, if she couldn't be there, one of the other men may have to sit out. The "one body, many parts” concept was really sinking in now! [How come the person who taught her that was having such a struggle with it at this point in time???]

EPILOGUE... 
Instead of throwing away or giving away the puzzle to one her children as Home Ec Mom was first inclined to do, Home Ec Mom decided to assemble it, and keep it as a reminder of a humorous, but difficult, lesson in humility. She may even mount it in her scrapbook next to the many pictures she took of the Ark.......