In case you're wondering if we're still alive, 
we certainly are, just busy as bees building a hive! 
In order to update you with what is new, 
here is the Nelsons' "1994 Year in Review..." 

January brought a new job for Suzanne, 
with perfect hours and an excellent health plan. 
On the 17th we awoke to the Northridge earthquake; 
rescued our neighbor's fish by throwing them in our fishtank! 

In February and March and on into April, 
Eric continued his student teaching of E.S.L. (English as a Second Language) 
May brought a move near Suzanne's job in Culver City, 
into a delightful little condo community. 

We began enjoying swimming in the pool in June, 
until Jacquelyn broke her arm - the fun ended soon! 
Following surgery and three pins in her arm, 
her pink cast seemed to help her heal with no further harm. 

July and August brought many Minnesotan house guests, 
After they left, we thought that it was time for a rest! 
But, in September our landlord was foreclosed on and while we wondered what to do, 
In His mysterious ways, God was working on a condo deal for us to go through. 

The girls' maternal grandmother visited in November, 
and we all had a wonderful, early Christmas celebration with her. 
After a bad experience with one mortgage broker, 
God found for us a truly excellent realtor. 

Somehow in December, having escrow close later than we wished, 
we tried not to lose track of 2 December birthdays, plus Christmas! 
We squeezed in shopping, birthdays, and Christmas caroling, 
and packing many boxes, which all proved quite tiring! 

Now as new homeowners (moving between Christmas and New Year's), 
we have many jitters, as well as many cheers. 
Our 3 bedroom, 2 bath condo is located just right for us, 
Suzanne can bike to work - no need for car or bus! 

Eric will continue to homeschool our three girls we just adore... 
Amanda is 7, Jacquelyn is 6, and Shayla just turned 4. 
Sometime in between he does <u>his</u> schooling as well, 
working towards a UCLA degree in E.S.L. 

So, update your address books or computer files 
with our new information, and GREETINGS from across the miles! 

<i>May God grant you many blessings in the coming New Year.</i>
