I can't die yet, there's too much to do. 
My laundry's undone and my hair is askew. 
I need to freeze leftovers still in the fridge; 
I can't leave this mess to my kids! 

My eyebrows need plucking (as well as my chin!) 
O, Lord...what a mess I am in! 

I Had a fever last night that worries me so 
I wonder if it's getting time to go... 
When that time comes, what will it look like? 
I'm trying to live with all of my might. 

How do you know when it's the beginning of the end? 
And how do you tell your family and friends? 
They know that it's coming sometime down the line; 
With stage IV cancer, I won't always be fine. 

I still work, but for how long? 
I cannot always be this strong. 

Don't take my presence here for granted; 
No one knows how long I have before my body's planted 
underneath the soil my remains will lay 
while you all live another day...and day...and day... 

Did you see me enough or leave me lonely? 
No excuses now, no more baloney! 

I wake up with a pill; 
I go to bed with a pill 
and take many more in between 
Couldn't I take one to 
Help make me lean? 

My toes are tingling while I wait for an MRI 
But next Friday I am supposed to fly 
to Minnesota to see my first grandson. 
Dear God, help me get that done. 

I have plans for the future but my future may be short 
Courtesy of this cancer, of course... 

I want another summer with our granddaughter too 
But who knows what my next scan results will take me through 
My low back hurts too much to reach my toes 
And I'm using a tool to help put on my clothes. 

Hardly anyone knows or sees 
The changes happening to me. 

I have had a good life and a long marriage 
Given birth three times and pushed many a carriage. 
I thank God for His wonderful blessings to me, 
And the wonderful friends I've made on this journey. 

I have been to four countries and all but two of our United States; 
The other two may just have to wait. 
I may not get an earthly view of them 
But see them instead from the gates of Heaven. 

For that's where I'm going and I hope you join me there 
No worries, no pain, no wondering what to wear! 
But for now I will try to keep putting one foot in front of the other 
And hopefully get to visit my daughters. 

I can't die yet. I can't die. I can't! 
