The Elevator of Life 
Tuesday, September 18, 2018 

The Elevator: it takes us to so many floors 
Each one is different to explore. 

I started out where it's quite dark 
Inside my mother's body I was parked. 

Until I was birthed and hit the ground running; 
The Lobby of Life was suddenly stunning. 

All sorts of people going to and fro 
And I joined them as I started to grow 
From small to tall 
The Directory I would read 
To see which floor I would need. 

Everything is passing by so fast. 
What is it all? How long will it last? 

I spent time on the top floor above it all 
Great views and celebration 
with much elation... 

Basically the Penthouse... 
I couldn't even look down and see a mouse. 

But one day there was an eruption 
And my normal floors were under construction! 

I had to go down some levels; 
No more Penthouse for me! 
I was demoted to floor number three 

Where "other people" live and dwell. 
It seemed a few steps closer to Hell. 

When will I ever be well 
Enough again to join the throng 
Free in the Lobby where I belong; 
With a Directory again to read 
To guide me to where I need. 
Where I am again in control of where to go 
With more choice in the matter. 
Can't anyone tell me so?? 

I used to step on and push a button 
And choose my floor with no hesitation. 
But now I get on and tell the Bellman "4" 
On this new floor 
he picks another button and I'm not sure what's in store 
In the Elevator Of My Life, 
Filled with wonder but at times chaos and strife. 
I just hope it's a floor I can manage to still live life 
And have others stop off and visit me here 
So very far, yet still somewhat near 

As I join those "other people" in more advanced stages 
Of a disease that in my body rages 

Trying to bring me back down to the lower depths of this world 
Where human remains at last are hurled 

Frail skeletons or remnants of what they used to be 
Never again a time to be free 
On earth again. But what comes next 
After I take my last breath? 
I will at last be free for eternity!!! 

Higher than a Penthouse suite 
With long-ago friends and family I shall meet 
As we celebrate a new kind of life 
That no longer contains health crises and strife. 

A Directory I no longer need 
When to my Lord I bow my knee 

And with those "other people" I will enjoy 
An Eternity Of Health...oh boy!!! 