"There's a shark in my bathtub!" 
"Oh, really?" you say.
Well, let me tell you; it happened this way...

3 bathing beauties, ages 6, 2 and 4
plus one handsome husband, age 34
plus one stranger fishing at the shore,
equals a strange surprise in store!

What do your children bring home from the beach?
Some shells and sand, a snail or leech?
perhaps some driftwood or water-beaten bark.
Well, what do you do when they bring home a shark?

"Oh, really?" you say.
Yes, listen up and you may
hear an ageless tale we all like to tell
of some wild creature who was captured and did quite well.

We didn't catch him - the fisherman did.
And my handsome husband - who is really a grown-up kid,
rushed our 3 bathing beauties right over
for one nature lesson that may never be over!

"16-1/2 inches long," the fisherman's tape measure said.
He dropped the shark in the sand, not caring if it wound up dead.
As he cast his line again in hopes of a better catch,
the poor little shark was certain to meet his death.

Though he spoke little English, and my husband no Chinese,
it was obvious that man didn't want this creature from the seas.
What about my 3 bathing beauties?
They wanted to bring it home for Mommy to see!

"One man's trash is another man's treasure"
is really true, and I state it with pleasure!

As my three bathing beauties and that one grown-up kid
showed me their shark brought home in a Tupperware bowl (with no lid!)        
I smiled with delight and listened with glee,
as they told the tale of their adventure - brought home to me!

So my handsome husband collected containers to fill with ocean waters,
and I ate supper with 3 bathing beauties - my adventure-filled daughters!
"Oh, really?" you say.
Yes, really - more happened this way:

Since our shark wouldn't mix
in our 30-gallon tank filled with fresh-water fish,
we knew he needed a bigger home...
I wondered, "Should we keep him?" and "Is he full grown?!"

Before investing in a 100-gallon aquarium,
we thought we should first see if we could take care of him!
I asked, "Where do we put a shark in a 2-bedroom apartment with 3 kids?"
"in the bathtub - where else?" said that one grown-up kid!

Since our 2-bedroom apartment has only one tub,
we had to act quickly, so no one would miss their scrub!

So, my 3 bathing beauties had their Saturday bath on Friday instead.
"Just imagine," I said, as I showered their heads,
"what your Sunday school teachers will say
when you tell them you brought a shark home Friday!"

So the 3 bath<u>ed</u> beauties went off to bed,
then it was my turn to shower my head.
After my handsome husband showered his skin,
we lugged gallons and gallons of salt water in!

"Oh, really,?" you say.
Yes, really; the rest happened this way:

We poured that salt water right into the tub,
me and that one grown-up kid: my hub!
Mr. Shark went right in with a swish...
He was glad to be out of that Tupperware dish!

Around and around that tub he did swim,
and now two grown-up kids admired him.
Our 3 bathing beauties were sound asleep,
and <u>2</u> grown-up kids decided they had a shark to keep!

The weekend passed with Mr. Shark very much alive,
deeply enjoyed by our family of five.
Now as he swims in his new aquarium,
I love to just sit and stare at him.

Some neighbors find our new "pet" exotic,
while others find us slightly neurotic!
Well, I don't care what they think,
and I've enjoyed committing my thoughts to ink.

3 bathing beauties and 2 grown-up kids in our family...
plus Mr. Shark - and we all get along quite happily!
"Oh, really?" you say.
Yes, really... it happened that way.