To be well… 
Can I smile? 
My life is no longer “hell” 
Thanks to a clinical trial! 

I still have things “wrong” with me
And fatigue is frequent 
But I no longer unreasonably 
Feel indifferent...

To treatment, life or death 
Caring about when I take my last breath.  
That’s further away than I used to think 
No longer am I at the brink 

Of wondering how much time is really left 
Before my friends and family are bereft 
Due to my absence from this earthly life 
Instead I still remain Eric’s wife! 

Hopefully for many more years 
Before anyone sheds tears 
Over my death… 
‘Cause I continue to have breath! 

I will do what I can 
With exercise and dragon boating 
Because cancer ran, 
And my health it’s done demoting! 

I am off of pain meds yet sometimes limp 
But feel playful and can act like an imp 
As I now hope to have better days 
Thanking God with much praise 

That people still go the extra mile 
To keep creating more and more clinical trials! 

This is my first one and I’m happy to report 
That it’s not yet time to abort 

The current plan of treatment, 
Our course remains steady 
As we pave the way with excitement; 
Everyone get ready!  

To usher in a new era of cancer care 
Be on the lookout and very aware 
That we still fight to remain alive 
But also excel and ultimately thrive 

Continuing the role of wife and mother, 
Sister, daughter, and even grandmother 
Of two grandchildren… soon to be three 
Will have been born to me 

To reach so many milestones 
While others have had few 
Makes me hope the road 
Will be less askew

For all going forward as we continue down this path 
Of ending cancer and enduring its wrath 
As we suck the life out of it instead of it ending ours 
With much gratitude and unending applause 

To the researchers, scientists, and many physicians 
Who work tirelessly to improve our conditions. 
Along with nurses, coordinators, and other trial staff 
Someday we will look back and laugh 

Yes, laugh I say at Cancer as we stare into its dying face 
As it chokes on its last breath, having lost the race 
To take more lives we can no longer endure 
Because it’s coming… there will be a CURE! 

And I thank God that I may actually be here to see it...
